--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

/// ZOMBIEMEN ///

>CYBORG DREG (ZM66 Zombie)
	
	The dreadful fate of all who resist the Good Doctor's march, or are simply
	in the wrong place at the wrong time. Stripped of all that once made them
	human, these former civilians have been transformed into mindless killing
	machines.
	
	Their arms and armor are grafted permanently to their very flesh, and an 
	endless stream of tactical stratagem and telemetry data fills their now
	vacant minds. With a neverending supply of subjects, the Good Doctor's labs 
	pump out Dregs thousands at a time, ensuring he will never be wanting for 
	cannon fodder.
	
>STABILITY OFFICER (SMG Zombie)

	Those who join the Doctor's employ more willingly are spared such a gruesome
	end. Instead, they are outfitted with cybernetic implants and standard-issue
	equipment, and assigned to patrol the Doctor's various territories and
	installations to ensure his will is enforced. Their thuggish posturing
	and vocoded barks are typically enough to intimidate the masses into
	submission, with their auto pistols making a demonstration out of any
	who dare take a stand. Fear of being "recycled" keeps these traitors in 
	line.
	
>PHANTOM (Shell-shade)

	Just as the Doctor demands specimens for experimentation, so too do his
	Benefactors. Once in a great while, an especially promising subject
	is perpared and sent into the Beyond, as a kind of tribute for the
	Benefactor's knowledge and support. Many of these subjects never return;
	those that do are changed beyond recognition. Nigh-intangible shades,
	existing both in our reality and theirs at once. They are almost invisible
	while in motion. Beware the red light.
	
>SCIENTIST (Undead Homeboy, Freedoom-exclusive)

	The Good Doctor does not work alone; indeed, he employs a vast circle
	of minds to assist him in his dark research. The scientists that bustle
	about in his labs spend day and night pushing the boundaries of both
	science and atrocity, dreaming up new unholy abominations to turn loose
	onto the world.
	
	They are an incredibly rare sight on the battlefield and never expect to
	see much combat, but given the uptick in resistance operations and the
	volatile nature of the Doctor's beasts, the Scientists do carry handguns
	for self-defense. They're no match for a proper insurgent or a rampaging
	mutant, but a gun is a gun.
	



/// JACKBOOTS ///

>GOON (Shotgun Jackboot)

	While the Officers provide security at home, the Goons spearhead the
	Doctor's assaults into new territories. Death squads roam the streets of 
	prospective zones, kicking in doors and quelling all resistance. Their
	loyalty to the Doctor proven, they think nothing as they drag away innocents
	to be processed in one of his many labs.
	
>LAB RAT (ZM66 Jackboot)
	
	Those who stand against the Doctor will come to know the Lab Rat in time.
	These bizarre demi-human ratmen often accompany squads of Goons,
	evaluating captured "specimens" for use in various experiments. While one
	of the Doctor's lesser creations, they are firm in their belief of their
	superiority over mankind, believing the results of the Doctor's procedures 
	on the subjects they send away to be a marked improvement.
	
>CYBORG SLEDGE (Super Shotgun Jackboot)

	Another Dreg, this time reinforced with thicker armor and and equipped
	with a double-barrel. As their name implies, they are wielded like a blunt
	instrument against those that dare take a stand against the Good Doctor,
	brutally executing all who dare raise their head in defiance. Tend to be 
	kept on a short leash by Lab Rats due to their hair-trigger nature.




/// CHAINGUNNERS ///

>FAT BOY (Chaigunner)

	The most far gone of the Doctor's human "volunteers." They are barely human
	anymore, filled to the brim with cybernetic enhancements and pumped a
	steady drip-feed of berzerk juice.
	
	The name really says it all: they're big, rotund, and carry a massive
	chaingun. Those that can't find cover are soon full of holes. Often deployed
	with Goon squads to stomp out armed resistance.




/// IMPS ///

>HOMUNCULUS (Imp)

	The first purely artificial being the Doctor ever conceived, the
	Homunculus has served many roles: now, it is bred for war. Cheap and
	effective, it sports an incendiary cannon on its right arm and a 
	cybernetic visor across its eyes. In truth, the Homunculus is barely a step
	up above the Dreg; though perhaps it could be considered a small mercy that
	it knows no life other than what the Doctor gives it.
	
>TOURNIQUET (Healer Imp)

	While it is true that the Doctor's labs can simply replace losses without
	much cost, there is something to be said about getting the most bang for
	your buck. At least, the Doctor certainly thought so, as early into his
	march to dominate the world, an offshoot of the Homunculus was created.
	
	Known colloquially as the "Tourniquet," these little reptilian bastards
	accompany the Doctor's mutant hordes as a force multiplier, stitching
	flesh back together with their arcane power faster than bullets can
	tear it. A mere handful of Tourniquets are known to turn firefights into
	sieges.
	
>BANSHEE (Imp Fireballer)

	What would have been a standard Homunculus has been infused with some sort
	of avian DNA from Beyond. The result? An arcane-spitting, fireball-slinging
	birdman with an unsettling visage and soul-piercing cries. Wildfires follow 
	in their wake, inspiring terror in all those who would wish of a life free
	from the Doctor's reign.




/// PINKIES ///

>HOUND (Babuin)

	An abominable hybrid of man's best friend and something from Beyond. The
	Doctor's Hounds fulfill much the same roles as our Earthly equivalents:
	attack dogs, sniffer dogs, search and "rescue," you name it. They're all
	muscle and've got a bad temper, and their bite can crush through most
	conventional armor. For many unfortunate refugees and runaways, they
	are often the last thing they meet.
	
>BLADE MONKEY (Ninja Pirate)

	While Hounds can often get the job done, sometimes the Doctor's forces
	require something with the same amount of bite, but with a tinge of 
	discretion and subtlety. The Blade Monkey is the answer to such a
	predicament.
	
	The Doctor has invested a fair bit more into this beast, and it shows. The
	arms of this already formidable specimen have been replaced with razor-sharp
	metal appendages, and the exoskeleton grafted to its shoulders and back
	comes equipped with a state-of-the-art cloaking device. Couple all of that
	with the deceptively cunning mind of an apex predator, and you have the
	perfect tool for making your enemies disappear.
	
	
	
	
/// LOST SOUL ///

>WASTE (Lost Soul)

	Born from the combination of the heavy suffering of the Doctor's
	experiments and the ambient arcane energy involved therein, the Waste
	is not quite dead, but not quite alive. All it knows is to inflict the
	pain it feels on others, suicidally flying in to bite at its prey regardless
	of the odds. Despite the unintended nature of their birth, they seem
	strangely obedient to the Doctor's will.
	
>GRUDGE (Yokai)

	Another byproduct of a heavily arcane atmosphere. These ephemeral "beings"
	possess no physical way to harm anyone, and yet their gaze alone is known
	to drive observers to madness, inflicting symptoms of heavy schizophrenia.
	A few bullets aimed their way seems to scare them off, though the lasting
	psychological damage caused by prolonged exposure has been known to send
	event the most zealous of resistance fighters into a deep depression.
	
	
	
	
/// CACODEMON ///

>BLIGHTER (Cadodemon)

	The Homunculus takes to the air. As the Doctor's primary air support, the
	Blighter spits arcane hellfire down on its prey from above. For those that
	get too close, its claws can just as easily rip its target to shreds. Its
	got a notably thicker hide than its grounded cousin, as well.
	
>DRONE (Putto)
	
	One of the few automatons not made by the Doctor himself, instead sent
	by his Benefactors to support his hordes. They lazily drift through the
	air, raining down hellfire and those unfortunate enough to be below. All
	attempts by resistance cells to study these creations have proven futile,
	as they always completely disintegrate upon being destroyed.




/// HELL KNIGHT ///

>BRUISER (Hell Knight)

	The Doctor's premier shock troops. Born in a vat through a combination of
	human and "*&?!@" DNA, this hulking bastard is bigger, tougher, stronger,
	and more loyal to the cause than any human could ever hope to be. Armed
	with Plasma Rifles infused with arcane hellfire and tailored to the Good
	Doctor's specifications, Bruisers are called upon to put down more 
	stubborn pockets of resistance, often to great success. Few have ever met
	them and lived.
	
	
	
	
/// BARON OF HELL ///

>HONCHO (Baron of Hell)

	The Honcho is one of the Doctor's crowning achievments in artificial life.
	They are larger and stronger than even the mighty Bruiser, and yet unlike 
	their little brothers, they possess a remarkable intelligence, far above the
	animalistic cunning of the Blade Monkey. They are the Good Doctor's trusted
	lieutenants, leading his hordes to victory across the world and plotting
	the downfall of all who would resist his perfection.
	
	No one knows how a Honcho is made compared to a Bruiser. Though they are of
	the same blood, the Honcho's distinctive rarity suggests some kind of
	x-factor necessary in their development. Some believe that while Bruisers
	are fully vat-grown, Honchos are made from quality specimens, perhaps even
	hand-picked by the Benefactors themselves.




/// ARACHNOTRON ///

>RACHNOID (Arachnotron)

	This vaguely-arachnid alien cyborg is a kind of infantry fighting vehicle 
	for the Doctor's hordes. While slow, their Thunder Buster melts shields and
	armor alike, leaving little but arcing lightning in the aftermath. They are 
	the bane of resistance assault teams everywhere, with entire squads being
	said to disappear in a single flash of light and a thunderclap.
	
	
	
	
/// PAIN ELEMENTAL ///

>VISITOR (Pain Elemental)

	Few have claimed to have even laid eyes on one of these things, let alone
	survived an encounter with it. Those that do all agree: whatever it is, it
	is not of this Earth, and never was. They seem to thrive in the ambient
	suffering and magics that create Wastes, as they themselves can channel it
	to manifest even more of the little shits.
	
	One man who claimed to have killed one says that they do not truly die, they
	merely return home. And in their wake, they leave nothing but Waste.
	
	
	

/// REVENANT ///

>MARAUDER (Revenant)

	An unfortunate offshoot of the Dreg procedure. Particularly promising
	subjects are imbued with arcane power during the process, causing them to
	grow much too tall and shed most of their skin. Once the armor and rocket
	pods are grafted to them, they are set loose to wreak havoc across the
	land.
	
	Knowing only rage, these rabid skeletal demonmen thrash and blast away at 
	anything that irks them. Their armor and weaponry is a strange mix of 
	cutting-edge technology and arcane power, and those that have witnessed them 
	in action claimed to suffer visual hallucinations, having quote:
	"seen faces in the hellfire."
	



/// MANCUBUS ///

>HARKCUBUS (Mancubus)

	Another offshoot of the Homunculus, this one with much greater investment.
	More arcane-stimulated growth is at work here, adding massive bulk in order
	to support the twin Heavy Incendiary Cannons grafted to its arms. These
	montrosities are walking siege cannons, laying waste to outlying settlements
	and rendering all in their way to ash.
	
	
	
	
/// ARCHVILE ///

>ENVOY (Archvile)

	On rare occasions, the Benefactors will send one of their chosen servants
	to personally oversee the Good Doctor's operations. These are the most
	powerful of the Benefactors' conquered races, a once proud people who
	were nigh-unmatched in the arcane in their time. Now, they serve their
	conquerers as advisors and overseers, only setting foot on the battlefield
	when it is most critical.
	
	This is not to say, however, that they are cowardly or weak. They are 
	anything but: Envoys have been known to singlehandedly wipe out entire
	marine squads with their electric magicks. What's more, they are capable
	of hiding themselves from the perception of organic and machine life alike,
	and can ressurect the fallen from death.
	
	It is rumored, however, that certain Envoys retain a certain pride in
	their ancestral heritage, and use their positions of authority to blindside
	the Doctor's forces, going on a rampage before eventually being put down.
	I wouldn't count on a rumor if I were you, but hey, you never know.
	



/// THE SPIDER MASTERMIND ///

>THE HIVE MOTHER (Spider Mastermind)

	It is unclear what exactly drove the Good Doctor to create this wasp-like
	gargantuan abomination. Even by his standards, it is gaudy and indulgent,
	and it certainly could not have been the Benefactor's influence, as there
	is no purpose behind such bizarre design. Yet, strange as it may be, The
	Hive Mother is no doubt a frighteningly effective war machine, with a
	minigun that can level buildings and armor that rends all but the heaviest
	off small arms useless. None have survived its wrath.
	
	
	
	
/// THE CYBER DEMON ///

>THE TECHNOBEAST (Cyber Demon)

	A towering cybernetic war machine of unparalleled might. Armed with a
	massive missile launcher grafted to its arm, and two massive hooves with
	which to crush anything in its way. The Technobeast is only deployed under
	the most extreme of circumstances: for many resistance fighters, it is the
	stuff of myth, the kind that no one ever hopes to meet.